video on a plug-in or set of plugins and
scripts for studio max called illusion
catalyst so at the homepage is illusion
catalyst calm you'll find it on the CG
talk new section as well pretty simple
to install and stores into version 9 and
upwards if you're using version 9 you
also have to install actually you don't
because at one point one installs it for
you so anyway go grab it go download it
and there's a whole load of tools of it
the only one I've just found I'm really
really careful it gives you basically ah
so happy with this this is welcome
anyway and let me explain so with such
studio max we've installed it which is
all the install instructions are
actually on that web page was just that
so if you need to go and install
installation is here and it shows you
how to put it in pretty simple it runs
you run this off it goes done deal
cheers simple as that and but the cool
thing that I think is really cool so far
of all the cool things which are I load
up I'll stop being like an idiot in a
minute and one of the really cool things
is studio max as of ever could not do
phantom point editing okay let me just
boot look like web show what phantom
point editing is so you know where and
we'll hit pause for a moment back in a
sec okay so it's a quick diversion we're
in a light wave how how interesting
yeah so let's come like a box o make a
box and this is the sort of thing we're
looking at here and we'll put some
segments and it just be completely
boring that we usually are there we go
quite boring hit the tab key now at the
moment inside light waves this would be
like the edit mode be the object and
then you need to i just saw object in
live totally different whatever the tab
key is the same thing as putting
turbosmooth on so hit italki two votes
move now the thing with light wave
exercise every other program out there
is that when you want to go and change
something to go and edit something so
we're going to go and tagged a point
we're going to go control patiya but
even looking at that we can just go and
pick the point and it just moves it okay
and that is basically what we're going
to call phantom point editing inside max
you can't do that because you're stuck
in this mode and then which is your base
mode and then you put a tip us move on
top of it and you get a cage showing you
what's going on well as you don't with
most of the programs now that's one of
the things I've been wanting to have
upgraded inside studio max for a long
long long time so let's jump back over
to studio max has poor matt down there
so what we got in here if we're going to
solve object mode of editable poly you
can see we've got this cage idea yeah
again and if you want to go and edit
anything you can select the point and
move it and you can see that the the
actual point you're moving is in this
floating cage and then it's been
subdivided below it and that as well
we've always been and how much fun is
that I can only tell you not that much
fun because you diva programs do a
different way and this one's like a lot
of money why don't you upgrade it'd be
really nice that'd be one of the things
I've been asking for for ever guess what
illusion catalyst if we go into it and
we say we want to drag something we can
we get a brush size and I think it's a
sort of shift or ctrl or ctrl + shift as
you might try shift ctrl or shift in
your holes hold shift down in control
you can size you brush up
and if y'all around it we can actually
guess what we're doing we're doing
phantom point editing how cool is that
that it's just so cool because I've
wanted that for so long and it's
actually in it how cause that I look a
little school kid how this is just
awesome so Christmas has arrived in the
end of May thank you very much it's got
loads of the tools in it but I'm just
beside myself and that I am that's
really cool a tuft of it thank you very
much for making this stunning absolutely
stunning thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you um cheers Cheers
brilliant absolutely brilliant thank you
very much yeah